You can find a lockpick on certain NPCs and at the black market. Lockpicking skill and physique assist in your chances to succeed, and doors have varying difficulty.
Cars use gasoline - you can buy more at a Gas Station. This can be used in the production of molotovs, as well.
Discipline levels can be changed with Right-Click.
All players can use the "REPORT MASQUERADE VIOLATION" button in people's examine text to report any overtly supernatual stuff being done out in the open, like vampires feeding or punching people across a room.
You can parry melee attacks by clicking directly on the opponent with Grab intent. Successful parry will stun your enemy and force them to drop their weapon if it matches yours by size.
You can block melee attacks by pressing C or BLOCK interface button. While blocking attacks you are getting Stun damage instead of Brute. Bare hands are weaker in blocking than any other weapon, and big items block extremely better.
You can jump around by clicking MMB. You can even jump over railings while standing next to them.
You can send announcements as the Seneschal by using your computer. Other kindred can see it on other computers too.
You can find and publish your phone number on your phone.
Diablerie lowers your generation by one, if your victim's is lower than yours. You should only ever attempt diablerie if you believe it has sufficient RP justification. Diablerie is one of the vilest deeds imaginable, and any kindred who learn of this will seek your permanent death.
Blood quality depends on the power or lifestyle of a creature. Vampire blood satisfies the most, after that lupine blood, then the wealthy, then the poor, then animals, and so on.
You can bloodbond people as a kindred. To do so - grab them and force them to swallow your vitae with Give Vitae ability. Bloodbonds strengthen the victim's emotions towards you and create an obsession.
You can gain experience points by talking with other people. The more you talk, the more experience you gain.
You can play as 14 different clans, excluding Caitiff as the clanless.
You can make a ghoul by bloodbonding a non-playable character. If there are any ghosts that want to play a ghoul - they will take over the ghouled NPC.
Ghouls are weaker than kindred, and require vitae instead of mortal blood. But they also are immune to humanity and can learn any clan's disciplines to level 1.
If you are a mortal and do drugs, kindred can experience the same high by drinking your blood.
